---
title: "Sydney 22/10/2007"
date: "2007-10-22"
prevArticle: '2007-10-19_sydney-19102007'
nextArticle: '2007-10-27_sydney-27102007'
---
This weekend was probably the first weekend in a long time that I actually didn't go out or have a few drinks, feeling the withdrawal symptoms now! Cold turkey isn't easy.
> Yea there wasn't much happening this weekend. I think it was because it was a bit of a transition period in the room. Clare, Jenny, Kevin and Baz had just arrived and I didn't know them yet. So instead I sat in, saved some money and watched the sport on the TV in the reception of Wake Up!
 
But seriously nothing much to report from the weekend. I was going to go out to watch the football on Saturday night but I rang home instead to catch up on the scandal. Then the Rugby final was on so I stayed up to watch that. Poor game but a good result all the same.
> I think this was around the time of the Moore family reunion so I caught up with the scandal from that. The good result was England losing to South Africa by the way.

Then on Sunday it was the turn of the Brazilian Grand Prix to catch my eye. This was at least more exciting and what an unlikely result! A few mixed feelings about it, I don't like Raikkonen but I do like Ferrari and I like Alonso but hate McLaren. Overall though I'm happy with the result. Still no word on the job front, I've just been handing in CV's to places. One place I think will probably get back to me but probably not for a few weeks.
> It was GAME that I was sure that would call me back and they did, about two weeks later. It must have been around this time that I put my CV into Peoplebank too although I don't remember it.


We'll see,
Paddy.