---
title: "Sydney 30/10/2007"
date: "2007-10-30"
prevArticle: '2007-10-27_sydney-27102007'
nextArticle: '2007-11-03_sydney-03112007'
tags: Australia - Sydney
---
So work is interesting. It's very different to where I previously worked but I do like the office atmosphere. So far anyway. Everyone in the office seems nice too. Haven't 'placed' anybody yet but I'll get there in the end I think. I'll just need to get a bit better on the phones.
> I did eventually get better on the phones but it took me a while to place anybody. I think in the end I managed to place 3 or 4 people. Not too sure if that's a good total or not though.

The place is peoplebank if you're interested [www.peoplebank.com.au](http://www.peoplebank.com.au) and no I'm not on the website somewhere. So I've no plans for Halloween or even the weekend after it. Ze Germans are probably working but the English guys might still be about. There's not as much craic in the room these days, but it's good to get out of the hostel for a while.
> There wasn't as much craic about as Marco, Seb, Jenny and Clare all moved out and Baz, Kev, Tim and Jan moved in. We didn't know each other that well so it took a while to get a bit of craic going but eventually we did, thanks to a few nights drinking. After work I spent most of my time either watching TV in the lounge or on the internet updating this blog. Exciting times eh?

Gearing up for Melbourne though. A couple of girls who were staying in the dorm will be down there too so we're all going to meet up, probably at the Neighbours party on Monday night.
> This was Jenny and Clare that I was talking about. We did eventually meet up at the Melbourne Cup, after about an hour wandering around trying to find them.

It'll be an early start though as my flight is at about six or seven in the morning.

That'll be fun,
Paddy from eh Peoplebank.