---
title: "Sydney 03/11/2007"
date: "2007-11-03"
---
And so ends my first week back at work. All in all it was quite interesting talking to all these people on the phone and I've had no dramas yet. 
> Ok so a bit of an overstatement that it was interesting. Most times people that you talk to on the phone don't want to be bothered and only become interesting when they are actually looking for work. The lads, by the way, were finished on Frasier Island where they met with the girls. At this stage we had no idea that we'd eventually hang about with them for the rest of our stay. I remember Landers telling me that they were on the trip with about twenty girls and not believing that they had that kind of luck. But it was true.

Although, as Odie said to me, I'm only in the job a week and already I'm going on holiday. Yep it's Melbourne on Monday. It turns out that the Neighbours night is actually a Neighbours tour so it's not the mad night out I'd thought but its a good thing cause the horse racing starts early on Tuesday so we'll have to be up for that. Then on Thursday we'll be back to the racecourse for more betting and drinking in our finery. Tonight, however, it's the Halloween ball downstairs in Sidebar so we're all going out for a bit of a session. 
> The Halloween party was alright. Lots of guys in drag as you can imagine. I can't really remember who I hung about with. I've a feeling that it was Baz, Kev, Tim and Jan but I imagine we just played pool all night. Although this could've been the night that we went to watch the Man United Arsenal match in the pub. We went to Cheers on George St and it was packed. Good Guinness though. We positioned ourselves right under the big screen and looked back into the crowd at the smaller screens above their heads. A very strange place to watch a match, especially whilst celebrating a goal! 

Last Thursday we were on a mad one too. There was a pool competition in Sidebar and Baz, one of the guys in the dorm, actually won it. So then we had to celebrate with Jagerbombs all night which came to $54 a round! I think it was 6 rounds that we had so Sidebar did well out of us that night. Work the next day was fun I'll tell ya.
> Yep, huge hangover. Although I did manage to get in on time which was a big surprise considering my track record.

Oh yea and don't forget it's the Killers tomorrow week too. Can't wait for that!

Giddy up,
Paddy.