---
title: "A Bit to catch up on"
date: "2008-12-12"
prevArticle: '2008-12-03_work-is-great'
nextArticle: '2009-01-01_merry-christmas-and-a-happy-new-year'
---
It's been a bit over a week since I've updated and if I don't do it now I'll forget all that I wanted to say. The reason for the delay? Mostly laziness but I have been working a good bit this week so I usually just want to relax in front of the TV for a while. Anyway, back to last Wednesday....

After work Paula and I went to the cinema. We had a choice between "My Best Friend's Girl" or "Four Christmases" so we went to the latter as it was on earlier. It was a terrible movie but at least it got us out of the house, plus the people with the delayed and extremely loud laughter in the cinema were entertainment enough. We headed to the Pig for a few drinks after that. There wasn't many about but we did get a bit of a show from the three drunk girls 'pillar' dancing.

Friday night was the pub quiz in Wrights. I was on a team with Adam, Barry Johnny and Ustina and we managed to come fourth out of about thirty tables so it wasn't a bad account. Mum, Dad, Eamonn and Patricia were on a team too but I don't know where they finished up. I also managed to win two spot prizes too which is the first time I'd won anything since winning the boat trip in Australia. Paula was working but she came down in the middle of the quiz and collected answer sheets and helped Shelly with the scoring. It was a great success and they raised over &euro;2500. After the quiz we hung about for a while and then headed back to Paula's house. Next morning Paula left me back home and I had managed to lock myself out of the house. It worked out alright though and I'm not even sure if Mum and Dad knew that I hadn't come home.

Saturday, after recovering from a bit of a hangover and tiredness, it was time for the GAME Christmas party. I headed in to the flat and met up with Adam, Ben and Neil and when Clare and Leona turned up we headed to Deerys. There we met up with the rest of the gang, and Paul was the last to arrive as usual. The regulars exchanged gifts and then we moved upstairs for our food. We were a bit noisy too, one couple asked to be moved, but we still had a good time. After the meal we headed to the Tavern and sat in our usual spot. We had a bit of a dance and leapt about for a while and then we headed to the Forum. The night got a bit messy after that and Neil lost his coat ticket so that was funny. We headed back to the flat after that and kipped on the chair.

Sunday we got up at about twelve and had a few games of Fifa 09 and Adam messed about with his new toy helicopter. I went down to the shop to see how all the heads were and everyone seemed to be fine. Ben was definitely the drunkest though but even he didn't seem too bad. I headed home after that and Becky and I drove down to Dublin in Vince. I had a physio appointment in St James' on Monday so it was handy to get a lift down. It was also the last time that I'll have to go down too so I was happy about that. I did plan to do a bit of shopping but I wasn't bothered nor did I have the money to be buying things. I did get a few books though. I came home that evening.

Tuesday, after work, we were going to go to another table quiz in the West but Shelly's mum Patricia had a bit of a fall and had to go to hospital. So that put a dampener on things. She's all OK now but it was a bit of a scare, especially for Paula who went with her in the ambulance. Instead I went over to Paula's house to watch a bit of TV. I didn't stay too long though as the roads were getting pretty bad. Wednesday Dad went down to Dublin for an angiogram and it all went well. He stayed in Monaghan hospital for the night and was back home on Thursday. Nothing special happened today although I did have another physio appointment in Monaghan. It went well too and they think I may only have to go there one more time. At least then I'll be free from all these appointments. I'll be happier then. Plus Paula has a few exams next week and then she's off for a month so she should be able to relax then too.

Paddy.