---
title: "Sydney 29/04/2008"
date: "2008-04-29"
prevArticle: '2008-04-22_sydney-22042008'
nextArticle: '2008-05-06_sydney-06052008'
tags: Australia - Sydney
---
Finally moved over to North Sydney and working in the new office with the great view of the harbour. Thursday was our moving day so we came in packed everything up and then went drinking from 12 in the afternoon in Ryan's Bar. Was wrecked tired though as I watched the Champions League match between United and Barcelona the night before. Went home at about half seven and met the lads who were going to Kings Cross. We sat in O'Malleys for a few hours but I was falling asleep so I went home early and fell asleep on the couch. The lads came back at about 4 in the morning. So on to Friday which was ANZAC day. No work so we hung around the house for most of the day and went to Tea Gardens that night. Of course that wasn't enough drinking for us so we just had to go to Scruffy's! We all blame Darren though! We finally left at about 5, got a Kebab (in the same shop that we always seem to head to) and then headed home. Saturday we hardly moved from the flat but Paula and I did go down to the Cock and Bull to watch the United Chelsea match. Sunday we planned to head to the Pylon at the Harbour Bridge but we couldn't find the entrance so that was a good excuse to go to the pub. We headed to the Mercantile and stayed there until it closed at about 12. I then headed home only to find that the trains had stopped. I then walked to Kings Cross and crashed in the girls house. The rest of them actually ended up in O'Malley's again. Eventually got back home the next morning only to turn around and have to go to work straight away. Happy, happy times :P So it's Darren's last week and we thought it'd be our last week in the flat but it looks like they haven't got anyone new to take it over so we might be there a bit longer. And Paula is thinking of leaving us early too and we'll all be sad to see her go :(

44 days left and everyone's leaving,
Paddy.