---
title: "Sydney 12/02/2008"
date: "2008-02-12"
prevArticle: '2008-02-04_sydney-04022008'
nextArticle: '2008-02-19_sydney-19022008'
---
Eventful week this week. As you all know it was Pancake Tuesday so we went over to the Bondi girls for one or two pancakes and one or two more beers. Very enjoyable night. Next day was Odie's last full day in Australia so we went exploring around Bondi Junction while searching for presents for the ones back home.
> Don't really remember if we managed to get much in the way of presents but then again I didn't hear of any complaints back home. I also got the day off work because it was Edels last day in Sydney. I didn't manage to get the day off to see her to the plane though which was a shame.

We then went back to the flat and watched Star Wars. We didn't manage to get the Star Wars marathon that we planned (thank god I hear the lads say) but it's been a while since I'd seen it so it was good. That night we went out for an Indian and a few drinks in the 'Cock and Bull' where we saw John 'Blue Peter' Leslie (I could say something worse but I won't).
> We weren't sure that it was him for a while but it definitely was. He's quite tall and he did look quite old from what I remembered of him. There weren't too many people bothering him either but you would've thought that he would've tried to avoid the Irish or Pom bars if he wanted to stay anonymous!

Thursday was fairly uneventful but on Friday I had yet another drinks night with the work guys. We also went out for a few in the Junction and we finally managed to get into 'Home' nightclub. There wasn't much to it but then again I was quite drunk.
> Sweets was in his element though! I can't remember though why we were out on a staff outing. I think it might have just been a get to know you exercise again before the conference in Terrigal.

Next day I was as sick as a dog so I didn't bother going out that night to watch the Rugby. [Another disappointing result by all accounts](http://www.rte.ie/sport/rugby/sixnations/2008/0209/ireland_france.html) but at least they're going in the right direction again. Scotland next and hopefully we'll have a good result and a good performance. Instead I sat in and watched the Family Guy Star Wars parody 'Blue Harvest'. This week is the Terrigal conference for work (yes, yet another work event). So we're all going up there for two days of fun and drinking (well drinking anyway). Oh and Happy Valentine's day and enjoy rag week up there in Letterkenny (that's if they keep the usual time for it).

Try not to send me too many cards,
Paddy.