---
title: "Sydney 14/04/2008"
date: "2008-04-14"
prevArticle: '2008-04-07_sydney-07042008'
nextArticle: '2008-04-15_sydney-15042008'
tags: Australia - Sydney
---
Well U2:3D was incredible! The 3D effects were really cool (although there weren't as many as in Beowulf) and it almost felt like you were at the concert, especially during the crowd shots where people's arms were right in front of you. It's not as good as going to a real concert but it's a lot cheaper and you're nice and comfortable in the cinema seats. There wasn't much of an atmosphere in the crowd though but I suppose that's to be expected. Friday night we headed to the girls house for a dvd night. There wasn't much in the way of good films so we watched Fr Ted again. This weekend was a bit different in that we didn't actually do anything touristy. Saturday we did our weekly shopping (and nearly locked ourselves out of the flat) but that was it. We headed down to the girls that night and met up with Paul and Katie in PJ's. We went for something to eat and decided to walk all the way to the courthouse and we sat drinking in there till about 5. Some of us though didn't finish until 9 the next morning!!! So Sunday was a bit of a waste but we did head down to the Cock and Bull for Sunday drinking and to say our final goodbye's to Paul and Katie who are heading up the coast today or tomorrow. They won't be back in Sydney until July so we'll all be away. Had a weird dream last night too. I dreamt that I was heading into McKenna's with Landers to meet up with Carlile but McKenna's was in the diamond, where Eason's is, and it looked nothing like McKenna's. It actually reminded me of Sidebar just a bit. Oh yea and Carlile was wearing a Man United top! Anyway, just thought I'd share.

59 days to go,
Paddy.