---
title: "8 days to go..."
date: "2008-10-21"
prevArticle: '2008-10-16_it-was-put-on-the-fridge-part-2'
nextArticle: '2008-10-24_whats-the-opposite-of-insomnia'
tags: TotBH - Nights Out - Nights In
---
Yes just over a week until the claw disappears and I just can't wait. The finger is quite sore these days but that's because I've been moving it quite a bit and stretching it using the exercises. It's also turned a nice shade of purple because of the bruises. Also this week United are playing Celtic in the Champions League and I think a bit of payback is in order. Saying that though I would still like to see Celtic get through to the knock-out stages. They always put up a good show. Should head out to watch that.

So it was a bit of an action packed weekend. Friday night Paula and I decided to head to the pub instead of going to the cinema. So we went to McKennas just for a change. We sat in there chatting for a few hours and eventually we were joined by Rory and Peter so we were chatting to them too. Also a guy called Neil, a mate of Peters, came over and it turned out that he used to hang around with Pamela. He was trying to tell us some of his 'war' stories when this was revealed. I still don't know who he actually is though. Anyway I also got chatting to these guys who I think were from Ballybay. One of them was sound enough but the other two were a bit weird so I didn't hang around long. We headed home after that.

Saturday Paula was meeting up with Ciara in the Pig so that's where we headed. Actually met up with Barry McDonald and McCarron and had a chat with them. We also headed upstairs for the first time in a while and was talking to Skinny who I haven't seen in a long time. So we stood up there for the night, had a bit of beard solidarity, chatted to Ashe and eventually headed home at about half one. Now when we got home I invited Paula into the house not realising that Mum and Dad were both up. So it was a wee  bit embarrassing but I think it worked out well. I think they were just as surprised as we were so there wasn't that awkwardness that sometimes arises. Of course she's yet to meet the sisters!

Sunday we did our customary DVD and out to Paula's house. This time we actually watched the DVD, it was 'Forgetting Sarah Marshall' which I'd already seen but it was still good, a lot better than the previous week anyway. No other plans for this week except maybe going to watch the match. Also it's getting near to Halloween and next weekend is a bank holiday so there should be a few activities. Oh and [this time last year](/posts/2007-10-19_sydney-19102007) I'd already made the move down to Sydney. How time flies eh?

Paddy.