---
title: "Christchurch 09/06/2008"
date: "2008-06-09"
prevArticle: '2008-06-07_nelson-07062008'
nextArticle: '2008-06-10_sydney-10062008'
tags: Rugby - New Zealand
---
So back in Christchurch now after a few hectic days of travelling. So on Saturday we made the trip from Nelson to Picton for the Interislander ferry to Wellington. We left the car in Picton as it worked out cheaper that way. We stayed in the Cambridge Hotel as it seemed to be the only place that had rooms left. It was a bit more expensive but at least it was only one night. So we got to the Westpac Stadium about 40 minutes before kick off and the weather was cold but fine. Then ten minutes to go the heavens opened up, and it wasn't just a bit of a downpour, it rained heavily for the whole match. Nice cold rain too. So that was a bit of a bugger. It was a good match though. Too many mistakes by Ireland though and that's where New Zealand tended to score. [21 - 11 was the final score](http://www.rte.ie/sport/rugby/2008/0607/newzealand_ireland.html). Anyway well worth going to. After the match we were too cold, wet and tired to head anywhere but bed. Next morning we had to get the ferry back to Picton at 9 and this time the crossing was a bit rougher. We then drove from Picton to Kaikoura where we were going to go on a dolphin tour. So the next day we got up and went out on the boat. Elaine was going to swim with them too. Unfortunately the dolphins were too far out to sea and it was quite a rough trip. We did get to see some dolphins around the boat but no chance to swim with them. So we headed back to Kaikoura a bit disappointed and a bit colder. It was then time to head on our last leg to Christchurch. So our plane is at about six in the morning and it'll be back to Sydney for one more day.

Can you believe it's only 3 days left,
Paddy.