---
title: "The Big 100"
date: "2008-11-18"
prevArticle: '2008-11-12_hi-ho-hi-ho-its-back-to-work-we-go'
nextArticle: '2008-11-24_two-drunken-nights'
tags: Blog - TotBH - Rugby - Nights Out - Work - Nights In - Autumn Internationals - Gaming
---
Yes that's right this is my 100th post on Blogger. Most of them aren't published yet mind you but that's because I've kinda slipped up on keeping my old Australia blog up-to-date. I'm going to have to pull the finger out. 
> Well this really wasn't the 100th post as I've explained in [the real 100th post](/posts/2009-12-15_eddie-izzard-and-the-real-100-up).
Anyway I was back at work in GAME for a day on Thursday and it was a bit weird being back. I've described it as like those dreams that you have where you're back in school again and you get really depressed because of it. Well that's what it was like at the start, hopefully it'll get a bit better.

Friday night it was Ustinas 21st Birthday party and we all went out for a meal in Little Neroini. We had a really nice meal and a fantastic cake and afterwards we went to the Pig for a few drinks. Paula was supposed to be working and join us in the Pig but she wasn't feeling well so she stayed at home. After the Pig we decided to head to the Forum for a while and thankfully we didn't stay too long. It was still a good night and I don't really remember the trip back home in Michelles car.

Saturday Pamela, Adam and I went to the Pig again but this time to watch [Ireland play the All Blacks](http://www.rte.ie/sport/rugby/2008/1115/ireland_newzealand.html) at Croke Park. It was a good match but Ireland just weren't good enough on the day to beat them. It ended up 3-22 in favour of the All Blacks. They were playing well too right up until the penalty try just on half time. Better luck next time I suppose. After that we just headed home, but not before running into Mark N in Little Neroini. It was just a tiny bit awkward for Pamela. Paula wasn't well on Sunday either so I stayed at home for the first time in I don't know how long. I played Halo instead, I'm up to 'Two Betrayals' on Heroic mode but it's starting to annoy me!

Today I sorted out my dole, I no longer have to sign on monthly or pick it up in the post office, so that was good. [Munster were playing the All Blacks](http://www.rte.ie/sport/rugby/2008/1118/munster_newzealand.html) today too. It was the official opening of Thomond Park and it was a fantastic match. Munster just missed out too, losing 16-18. It was the All Blacks superior bench that made the difference. Munster threw everything, including the kitchen sink at them. If Ireland start to play half as good as that then we would be in great shape.

Paddy.