---
title: "Sydney 13/05/2008"
date: "2008-05-13"
prevArticle: '2008-05-09_sydney-09052008'
nextArticle: '2008-05-19_alice-springs-19052008'
---
So work is all over in Oz for me anyway. Went over to the Greenwood with the guys from work and had a few drinks. Was good craic hearing about some of the old Peoplebank stories. They also got me a huge goodbye card which I'll now have to carry round with me. Left the Greenwood at about 8 and went over to the girls house as we were all going out for Paula's last night in Australia. We went into PJ's and it was fairly quiet but we still made a good night of it. After leaving Paula home Landers and I went to the Tea Gardens for a few more and we stood talking to random people for most of the night before going to the Curry Junction. Next day we got up (at about the same time that Wes was showing people around the apartment and it was the one week we didn't tidy up) and we went over to the girls house again to say goodbye to Paula. We'll be seeing her again in 5 weeks anyway :) After that We went and walked up the Pylon at the Harbour Bridge which was well worth the $10 entry. It did take us a while to actually find the walkway though. We then went for a few drinks in the Mercantile which will probably be the last time that I'm in it. We went home after that and went into the Tea Gardens before making our way to PJ's again. Not a very drunken night (had a bit of indigestion) but it was good craic all the same. The guys then went to Scruffy's but I did the sensible thing and went home. Sunday was a quiet day but we did have Elaine move in with us for a few days. Monday I went back to work to pick up my big card, I also walked over the Harbour Bridge which was cool. So now I'm getting all my stuff together for the big trip starting on Friday. There's also a meal planned to celebrate Elaine's Birthday and I'm sure there'll be a few drinks in the Junction on Thursday night to see us off.

30 days left and only 3 until the trip,
Paddy