---
title: "Sydney 06/05/2008"
date: "2008-05-06"
prevArticle: '2008-04-29_sydney-29042008'
nextArticle: '2008-05-09_sydney-09052008'
tags: Australia - Sydney
---
So it's into my last week of work (and this time it really is the last week). All in all the last two weeks of work have been quite good. The new office is a lot better even if it does take a bit longer to get here in the morning. Anyway on Thursday we went down to the internet cafe to get our photos on DVD's. First time I've done that since the start of March so there was loads of photos to be done. Went down to the Cock and Bull for a few pints and actually managed to steal a pint glass which we've been meaning to do for the last six months. Friday was the end of month drinks at work and we had a few drinks in the Greenwood in North Sydney. I left early though and we all went to the Tea Gardens for Sweets last night in Sydney. Nice and messy night that was. Never drinking Makers Mark again! Saturday was Sweets leaving so we all said goodbye in the flat and he headed off at about 1. Then Elaine and I actually booked our trip to Ayers Rock. It ended up being a bit more expensive than first thought but we think the trip is going to be a good one. That night we just had a DVD night in the girls, watching Ross Noble. Sunday we went to the Rocks Market as there were presents to be bought. That was followed by a few drinks in the Mercantile for Paula's last Sunday in Sydney. Went back to the Tea Gardens for one or two (and only got to hear hip hop crap) before going to the Cock and Bull for a few more. Nice hangover on Monday morning I can tell you. Last night we went down to the Cross to O'Malleys for a table quiz. We didn't do to bad either. We came fifth out of 12 teams and there were only three of us! So Paula is definitely heading off on Saturday so a few drinks will be had on Friday I'm sure. Oh and going to see Iron Man tonight, I never knew anything about the comic or the character but the film looks great!

37 days to go,
Paddy.