---
title: "Sydney 22/04/2008"
date: "2008-04-22"
prevArticle: '2008-04-15_sydney-15042008'
nextArticle: '2008-04-29_sydney-29042008'
---
So today should have been my third last day at work in Peoplebank but thankfully (or unfortunately, depending on how you look at it) I've been extended for another 2 weeks. So another 2 weeks of early mornings but 2 weeks extra wages. It does also mean that I'll be heading over to the North Sydney office for those two weeks. Ah well back to the more important things. This weekend was a bit of a departure from recent weeks in that we actually stayed in the Junction the whole weekend. This was partly due to the fact that the trains weren't running. So Friday and Saturday nights we went to the Tea Gardens. There we met up with the girls and Siobhan et al. Friday was the busier and more drunken night of the two but unfortunately not too many good photos were taken. Alcohol and photography don't really mix. Sunday was a day of rest, we didn't even go to the beach or anything as the weather hasn't been great recently. Monday we paid our final rent on the flat and Paula, Landers and I went to Ross Noble in Enmore. Really funny show, my jaw was aching after it. Deny the existence of Shovels, adopt a fat kid and tranquillise some monkeys you didgeribastard! So we're in to our last few weeks together. Darren will be heading off on the 3rd so this weekend is our final weekend. The fellowship is breaking only to be reunited when the one ring is destroyed (that should be by the middle of June sometime). This weekend will therefore be a big one with a full Super Sunday planned.

51 days to go and lets hope we have the money left,
Paddy.