---
title: "Monaghan 17/06/2008"
date: "2008-06-17"
prevArticle: '2008-06-10_sydney-10062008'
nextArticle: '2008-07-31_this-is-the-new-blog'
tags: Liverpool - Australia
---
Yes the rumours are true, I made it home at last. So now the adventure is truly over and the search for work begins. Liverpool of course was the last hurrah and hopefully the last time that I'll be on a plane for a while. Thursday night we went out in the Big Tree and Quinns and it was actually fairly quiet. I did manage to stay awake although I don't remember a thing about getting home. Friday morning we managed to eventually get up after Colin called us and just about made it for our flight. Went out drinking as soon as we landed and stayed out until about five in the afternoon. After that we went back to the hostel and I star-fished on the bed, exhausted and a bit drunk. So that was the end of Friday for me. Saturday we went and did it all again only there was the little matter of the comedy gig. Ardal O'Hanlon, Dylan Moran and Tommy Tiernan, legends of Irish comedy. Went out after that and I finally got to see what Liverpool is like on a night out. A good night was had by all I do believe. Sunday we went for the cure and some terrible food and eventually got on our flight back home. So now it's back to reality. Hopefully I'll be able to see you all around Monaghan in the next few days or weeks. I'll have to see about getting some more of that money stuff that people keep going on about.

See y'all soon,
Paddy.