---
title: "Sydney 25/03/2008"
date: "2008-03-25"
prevArticle: '2008-03-20_sydney-20032008'
nextArticle: '2008-04-01_sydney-01042008'
tags: Australia - Sydney
---
So Easter is over for another year, hope you didn't eat too much chocolate! Anyway we had another action packed weekend. Thursday we went to the Cross for Indie night at the 'World Bar'. It was really good as they played decent music in a bar for once. We then went to meet the girls in Mansions and waited about an hour or so for a taxi home! Friday the girls invited us round to their house for dinner and what turned out to be Landers' surprise birthday party. Lots of sweets, balloon animals (and forts) and party games, we never managed to play Twister though. Saturday we went to the Easter show out at the Olympic park (think the Cattle Show with fun fair rides and better weather). Highlights included the Ferris Wheel, the Roller-coaster (both of which Paula loved!), the show bags (Scalextric and pink wigs), Landers getting beaten in Darts by the two girls and of course the bike show and fireworks at the end. Sunday we went to Centennial Park for a bit of a kick about and we all met up in Kelly’s in the Westfield for a few BBQ ribs and to celebrate the day of Landers birth. We then went to the 'Cock and Bull' to finish off the night. I did meet up with my cousin Stephen Treanor again and got to have a good chat with him this time. I did miss Katie's singing though so she'll have to go up again sometime soon. And then round to Monday which was just a lazy day. We intended to go to Manly again but decided that Bondi was much more convenient so we all spent the day lounging around or body boarding in the sea. Back to work today but next weekend it's Paula's Birthday so we'll have to do something special for that.

79 days left and only 5 weeks of work,
Paddy.