---
title: "Quizzes, Drinking and Rock Band"
date: "2008-08-05"
prevArticle: '2008-07-31_this-is-the-new-blog'
nextArticle: '2008-08-08_it-was-put-on-the-fridge-part-1'
---
As I'm updating this Blog it only makes sense to add stuff that actually happened recently so that I don't have to catch up later. Incidentally I finished the posts up to [September 2007](http://paddy1138.blogspot.com/2007_09_01_archive.html). So what happened this weekend? Well I actually went out which makes a change from the last few weeks. Thursday we were going to go to football out at Ballinode but Adam couldn't get the numbers so we went to a pub quiz in the Pig instead. So it was Me, Adam, Michelle and Paula on one team and Ash, Pamela and Pamela's friends on the other. We didn't do too badly, didn't win though, even after the flirting with the quiz master. I think we ended up with 70 points out of 100. Went back to Adam's flat after that and played Halo 3 co-op until about four in the morning. I don't remember much about the storyline or what was happening though so I'll have to start it again sometime I'm sober.

Friday night it was another opportunity for drinks in the Pig. This time Adam didn't decide to come out because he's a light weight, or a cheap skate, one of the two. [Jade](http://jadeyeatworld.blogspot.com/) was out too which is the first time I've seen her out drinking since her 18th so go her. I also rediscovered a drink from my College days. Tia Maria and Orange Juice, or a Terry's Chocolate Orange as we used to know them. They used to be better with Britvic 55 though and Cointreau if you wanted it extra orangey.

Saturday Pamela was having a Barbecue and house warming party thing at her new house in Glaslough. Arrived there at about 8 in the evening and played Rock Band for the first time. We then proceeded to play the game and drink ourselves stupid for the next six or seven hours, eventually leaving at around 3 in the morning. We did have a bit of a competition going though, boys against the girls. You can imagine who came out best in those exchanges. I absolutely love Rock Band though. I was already a fan of Guitar Hero but this just takes it to a new level. I especially like their guitar controller.

Otherwise not much else to report. I've been playing Command and Conquer 3 a bit lately but it's starting to frustrate me so I might get the Orange Box so that I can play something different. Mum and Dad are back and they had a really great time in America. We had some kittens but three of them have been killed. The one who's left is a cute bugger though, no name yet. And I've been trying to sort out my photos on my PC but it's starting to annoy me. Some of the shooting dates are wrong so it makes it difficult to put them where they should go. Plus I'm actually missing a few photos and the program I'm using, Olympus Master 2, is fairly buggy. It keps bloody crashing on me. I tried Picasa but it doesn't let you change exif data like shooting date. So I'm stuck with the crap program. Ah well, could be worse...

Paddy.