---
title: "Perth 24/05/2008"
date: "2008-05-24"
prevArticle: '2008-05-19_alice-springs-19052008'
nextArticle: '2008-05-27_sydney-27052008'
tags: Australia - Perth
---
Our time in Perth is nearly up so it's time for a bit of an update. We arrived in Perth on Monday after the flight from Alice (who the f*ck is Alice?) in which we flew over Uluru where we had been just the day before. We didn't do much that night. We've been staying with Kat's cousin Tom and he showed us some of the sights. Tuesday we again did a bit of sightseeing and we went all high brow and saw a play called 'Gertrude the Cry'. Wednesday we went down to Freemantle and stayed on the beach for a good part of the day. We got to see some dolphins that came close to the shore too. That night it was of course the night of the Champions League Final between Manchester United and Chelsea. We went to Rosie O'Grady's pub to watch it (and it was $10 to get in) but it was well worth it in the end. We got to the pub at about two in the morning and after extra time and penalties we left at about five or six (I don't really remember too much at that stage :D ). Fantastic result though, was on a complete high on the way home and called the girls in Dublin. Next day we rented a car and went down to Margaret River. We went sightseeing and went on a cave walk. The weather wasn't great though but no matter. Friday we made our way back up to Perth, stopping off in the Colonial Brewery to sample some of their finest beers. Elaine went horse riding while I sat with my beer. We finally made it back to Perth and went out to a house party. It was an 18th so there were a lot of kids there (I think I was the oldest person in the house at the time) but it was still a great night. So tonight is the Munster v Toulouse final and we're heading to the Irish club to watch it so that should be good fun. Hopefully it won't be as late a night as Wednesday.

19 days to go, C'Mon United!!!
Paddy.