---
title: "Queenstown 01/06/2008"
date: "2008-06-01"
prevArticle: '2008-05-27_sydney-27052008'
nextArticle: '2008-06-02_franz-josef-02062008'
---
Well it's been a couple of days and a lot has happened so here we go. We flew into Christchurch on Tuesday night and got to our hostel at about 12. Had an interesting taxi ride with an English guy who seemed to begrudge being in Christchurch but no matter. Wednesday we did a bit of exploring around Christchurch and finally rented our car, we call her Bertha, what a lovely machine. Went for a few quiet ones in the pub but early mornings so couldn't go mental. We stayed in Christchurch for another night and went down to Dunedin the next day. Dunedin is a very nice town, reminds me of Letterkenny a bit. However there wasn't much to do around there. We then made our plan for the rest of the trip. Friday we made the trip to Te Anau and stayed there that night. It's really a quiet town but the views of the lake and mountains are great. Saturday we drove to Milford Sound and took a short cruise around the fiord. Again fantastic views of the mountains and the waterfalls. We also met these two girls from Keady on the boat. That night we went to the Te Anau glow worm caves with the girls which was really cool. It was pitch dark except for pin pricks of green light that looked a bit like stars. So that brings us up to today. We drove from Te Anau this morning and are staying in Queenstown for tonight. In about an hours time I'll be heading off to do the Nevis bungy jump so I'm looking forward to that. Elaine will be doing one of those jet boat rides while I'm away. Tomorrow we'll be heading north to hike on some glaciers and after that we might get to go to the rugby match in Wellington.

Only 11 days left :O ,
Paddy.