---
title: "Sydney 07/04/2008"
date: "2008-04-07"
prevArticle: '2008-04-01_sydney-01042008'
nextArticle: '2008-04-14_sydney-14042008'
---
We went to Kelly's then for Paula's Birthday and had a savage amount of ribs. I kept losing chips off the plate because the ribs were huge. Anyway we also bought her a cake and sang Happy Birthday to her just to make her really uncomfortable :P . Tea bags for a few drinks after that but it wasn't a mad night as there was work to be done in the morning. Ali invited us to a Rugby League match on Friday. His company has a corporate box at the ANZ stadium and it wasn't being used so we got in to the posh bits and for free. Although it was League it was still an ok match and a great night. The Roosters beat the Bulldogs 40 - 12 for the record. After the game we headed back into town and because the train stopped at Central we decided to go back to the Sidebar at Wake Up. Nothing much has changed in there in the past four months or so but it was a bit disappointing that there was nobody that I recognised or knew, probably the first time that's happened. But it was only a minor blip as it was a great night! Next day, after a slight recovery from the hangover, we got the ferry and headed to Taronga Zoo. We got to see Giraffes (world's tallest baby), Lions, Zebras, Tigers, Dingos ;) and Elephants. There was also a sky lift that brought you from the entrance to the top of the zoo and back down again when it was time to go. That night we went over to the girls house in the cross before going to O'Malleys and Madame deBeers. Eventually we ended up in Empire and eventually got home at around four. Sunday was a day of rest (thankfully) but Sweets did manage to rent out the first two seasons of 'Fr Ted' so we sat watching that for hours. Ahh, home. Anyway, next week we'll be going to the U23D concert in the IMAX and Paul and Katie will be heading up the coast and won't be back for a while so it'll be a goodbye to them next Sunday.

Clickety click, 66 days left,
Paddy.