---
title: "Alice Springs 19/05/2008"
date: "2008-05-19"
prevArticle: '2008-05-13_sydney-13052008'
nextArticle: '2008-05-24_perth-24052008'
tags: Alice Springs - Australia - Sydney
---
Savage few days there. On Wednesday we all went out for a meal in Kelly's for Elaine's birthday, savage ribs again and a chance to embarass Elaine with a birthday sorbet. Went for a few pints in the Tea Gardens after that. Then on Thursday, after packing everything up, we had a few visitors in the flat saying goodbye and then we went for a few more drinks in the Tea Gardens. Savage craic and I've got a great photo of me being 'kicked out' of the Tea Gardens. I also managed to finish off my two cans of Guinness that I had left over from Christmas. Friday morning, with a massive hangover, we headed off for the airport for our flight to Alice Springs. We arrived at about 1 and settled into the hostel before exploring the town and man it is small. That morning we were picked up for our trip to Uluru (Ayers Rock for those who don't know). The first day we went to Kings Canyon and had a huge walk around the canyon. Fantastic views and amazing rock formations. We then travelled to Yalara where we would be staying that night, camping out under the stars. Next morning it was up early to see the sunrise over Uluru. It was absolutely amazing. Elaine then went on the climb up the rock while I did the base walk around. It really is much bigger than I imagined. We then went on a trip out to the Olgas which are actually taller than Uluru in places. After that it was time for the long trip back to Alice. That night we went for a few drinks with the guys we met on the trip. Brilliant tour group and our guide Jason was great craic. Today we'll be heading off to the airport again for our trip to Perth. Thankfully this time I'm not hungover :D

24 days left and one part of the trip over,
Paddy.