---
title: "Staff parties are always better with Rock Band"
date: "2009-09-22"
---
So we did go for our walk round the track in Glaslough and it really wasn't that tough but it would fairly keep you fit. We headed back into town and undid all our work by getting a pizza for dinner. We headed back to Glaslough and sat and watched TV for the evening. Nice and relaxing which was a welcome change! On Sunday most of Paulas ones came over for dinner and we sat and watched the [Italian Grand Prix](http://www.rte.ie/sport/motorsport/2009/0913/formula1.html). We went out to her Granny's house to inspect the work and we also got a nosy around Ted and Eileens house. Paula left me back to the flat and I went out home for my dinner.

Monday was quiet with the usual football and we played co-op Halo in the evening. Tuesday Paula came into work for a quick hello and we nearly finished Halo. Paula came over to the flat after work on Wednesday to watch a bit of TV and for a bit of a chat and on Thursday Sean came over after I'd finished work and got my hair cut and I headed out to play football in the evening.

I wasn't working on Friday so I cleaned the house up for the staff party on Saturday and Adam helped when he came home from work. Paula came over after she finished college and we headed out to her house to watch a DVD. We ended up just watching TV and Paula left me into the flat the next morning when she was heading to work. I didn't do much during the day, I went down to the bookies and got a few things for the party. Ben came over after work and the rest arrived between eight and ten. We had planned to play Buzz but we ended up just playing Rock Band and Beatles Rock Band all night. The Beatles was especially good as more than one person could sing at a time.

On Sunday I recovered quickly enough from the hang over and got up to watch the [Football final between Cork and Kerry](http://www.rte.ie/sport/gaa/championship/2009/0920/kerry_cork.html). I then headed home for dinner and got a sleeping bag for the next weekend. On Monday I was working in the morning and Landers and I headed out to visit McAdam who had broken his leg a few months back and was back from Oz. We chatted for ages and reminisced about Australia.

I went out to football that evening and we finally finished off Halo one that night. We were going to start Halo two but that game is just too freaking hard on Legendary co-op! Today was the release date for Halo ODST and I did have a bit of a go on it that evening. It doesn't really feel like Halo though but maybe it will get better. Bob Carlile also came into the shop today and bought a DS Lite with Professor Layton and Brain Training. This afternoon I went looking for a shirt for the wedding and Paula took me out to Next to get it. She stayed over for a while and earlier on I eventually got the chance to chat to Gavin over the XBOX. Hopefully he'll be on-line a good bit.

Paddy.