---
title: "Scór Sinsear 2009"
date: "2009-04-20"
prevArticle: '2009-04-15_births-deaths-and-football'
nextArticle: '2009-04-25_visiting-friends-and-family'
---
So Paula's brother Gerard was dancing in the Scór All-Ireland final down in Killarney so we all went on a road trip to support him. We left Monaghan early on Friday morning and drove down in Elaine's car to Noras. We then all went in Gerard's car for the rest of the journey. We stopped in Mallow for an hour for something to eat and we finally arrived in Killarney. Although there was a bit of a mix up with the car park we eventually got settled in to the hotel. We were staying in the International Hotel in the middle of town. That evening we went for something to eat and had a few drinks in the reception of a hotel.

Saturday we were up early and had our breakfast and Ger had to go and get ready for the competition. The rest of us walked around town for a while. We had something to eat in our hotel, I especially loved the seafood chowder, and we all got our Monaghan jersys on for the competition. Steph insisted that we got a horse and cart ride down to the Gleneagle and when we did she was the one who didn't enjoy it! The competition started at three and Ger was dancing in the Ceili and in the Set which were the first and last parts of the competition.

We sat and we watched the majority of the show, only taking a break during the question time. At the end they announced all the winners and Emyvale managed to come first in the Ceili dancing! There should be a good video of us going mad celebrating on TV soon! We had something to eat in the Gleneagle and celebrated some more. Steph got asked for ID at the bar so she was really happy about that! Paula won on the Lotto and so did Elaine and Dinny won &#8364;225 on a horse! We went back to the hotel to get changed and headed back to the same hotel reception. Everybody was really tired though so we didn't go mad.

Sunday we got up early again and we didn't stick around for too long. We drove back to Noras to collect the car and Elaine headed back to Wexford. We listened to a bit of the [FA Cup Semi Fianl](http://www.rte.ie/sport/soccer/2009/0419/manunited_everton.html) on the way too. When we got back to Monaghan we had a montie and headed to Paulas house. We then headed to Emyvale for the homecoming. They had them sitting on the back of a lorry as they paraded through the village. It was all a bit embarrassing but it was great to see a good turnout. They went to the leisure centre and danced for everyone, there may have been a few more mistakes this time though! I headed home after that but it was a really great weekend and will have to go back down at some stage for a proper stay!

Paddy.