---
title: "A whole week to catch up on..."
date: "2009-06-25"
prevArticle: '2009-06-15_not-the-best-party-in-the-world'
nextArticle: '2009-06-29_a-great-night-out-with-the-gang'
tags: TotBH - DVD - Rugby - Comedy Gig - Cinema
---
I didn't do much on Tuesday apart from work and play Sega Superstar Tennis for a while. On Wednesday Paula found out that the MMR injection that she got didn't work as planned and so she has to go back and get another one. So as you can imagine she was a bit upset about it. I have to say I wasn't too happy about it either but we'll soldier on. We went home to pick up my Zodac figure and to say hello to the folks and that didn't work out too well either. We went back to the flat and watched Top Secret to try to cheer ourselves up. I think it worked too.

On Thursday Paula and Ciara went shopping in Newry while I went to work and played football. Kevin Quinn was up playing with us this week too and he told Paula that I had given him a dig. Not hard enough maybe. On Friday I was working on the late shift which was the first time in a while. It wasn't too bad either, I've actually had more boring afternoons. Paula came over after that and we went to the cinema with Adam and Shelly to watch 'The Hangover' which was hilarious! I also finished reading the third book in the 'Legacy of the Force' series.

I was working again on Saturday and Dad called me to see if I wanted to go and watch the [Lions match](http://www.rte.ie/sport/rugby/lions/2009/0620/lions_southafrica.html). Obviously I couldn't though so that was a bit of a shame. Paula was working too and I headed down to her instead. We headed to the flat for something to eat although we didn't go out though as Paula had to be up in the morning to leave the keys back down. After Paula headed home I did likewise for my own dinner although there wasn't much happening at home. I did get Dad his Fathers Day card and he was playing around with his new strimmer. Paula headed out that night with Ciara for a few drinks and I was going to join them but I was a bit late getting back to the flat and I wasn't about to go to the Forum sober!

On Monday morning I got a strange text from an unknown number asking me to open the door. Me being the trusting type I did as the text asked. It turned out to be Sean as he came in to hang out with Adam for the day. I sat downstairs and dozed on the couch before I had to go to work. There was Football that evening too and when I got back to the flat the gate wouldn't open for me. Apparently it happened to a few people during the day so that better be sorted soon or sometime we'll be really caught out!

Tuesday we headed down to Dublin to go and see Bill Bailey in the Olympia. After we left the car at Nora's we chilled out in the flat and got a pizza, our Dublin tradition. We headed to the Olympia and Mark and Sara came in soon after us. The show itself was brilliant. I think I had heard some of it before but I couldn't be sure. We went to the Mercantile for a few drinks after it too but we didn't stay long as both Mark and Sara had to be up early. We did have a few more drinks back at the flat though.

Wednesday we headed into town for a bit of a walk around. I did my usual rounds of the shops and I spent more money than I thought I would as I bought all three seasons of 'Arrested Development' and 'Flight of the Conchords'. I also got a new pair of trainers, blue ones this time, and a few Star Wars toys for Edel's Birthday present. We headed home that evening and stopped off home for a bit to say hello to the folks again. Thankfully it went better this time. Paula headed home after that but I did go out for a quick drink with Ben and Adam in McKenna's. We were working this morning though so we couldn't stay long.

So today I was at work for the morning and was looking forward to going to football but Gerard can't get the numbers to play so that's off. Although Paula is working and hopefully we'll be able to watch 'Transformers' on DVD and maybe even go to see the new movie in the cinema tomorrow. Carlile is coming home this weekend too and I should also be able to see the second Lions test on Saturday so it's shaping up to be a good weekend.

Paddy.